Openstack: describes how to enable qemu agent for UPI. (#4441)
openshift/installer: docs/user/openstack/install_upi.md

**NOTE:** Depending on your OpenStack environment you can upload the RHCOS image as `raw` or `qcow2`. See [Disk and container formats for images](https://docs.openstack.org/image-guide/introduction.html#disk-and-container-formats-for-images) for more information.

[qemu_guest_agent]: https://docs.openstack.org/nova/latest/admin/configuration/hypervisor-kvm.html 

> If the rhcos image being used supports it,  the [KVM Qemu Guest Agent][qemu_guest_agent] may be used to enable optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the RHCOS image being used supports it,  the [KVM Qemu Guest Agent][qemu_guest_agent] may be used to enable optional
```

Author: done

access between OpenStack KVM hypervisors and the cluster nodes.

> To enable this feature, you must add the `hw_qemu_guest_agent=yes` poperty to the image: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable this feature, you must add the `hw_qemu_guest_agent=yes` property to the image: 
```

> To enable this feature, you must set hw_qemu_guest_agent=yes as a metadata parameter on the image. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable this feature, you must add the `hw_qemu_guest_agent=yes` property to the image:
```

Author: done
